whatsapp payment scenarios 

1. verify whatsapp is open properly or not 
2. verify whatsapp payment option is show properly
3. verify whatsapp any update is exist so sometimes you are not update so thats why payment option is not showing 
4. verify your ionternet connnections is on or not if not something problem 
5. verify whatsapp server is work properly or not 
6. verify scan option is work properly sometimes your qr is not visible properly thats why payment is not successfull
7. whatsapp gives two option first scan and second you select your bank and give payment 
8. select your bank than verify your account few second and verify start than your all account in your number connect who showing proerly 
9. verify your account is right and work properly 
10. whatsapp gives so many option like bhimupi, paytm,google pay , phone pe select any one and payment 
11. verify all option in your payment methods and figure out its work or not 
12. verify your bank account and select your bank no. and payment 
13. you are verify in your account verify that message in box is show 
14. whatsapp gives so many option to payment verify and pay you want 
15. verify select your bank account and gives pass than payment is sucessfull or not 
16. verify you pay and payment message is show or not 
17. sometimes server down so thats why transaction is failed


whatsapp generate group scenarios 
1. verify whatsapp is open properly or not
2. verify your internet connection is open or not 
3. verify your whatsapp server is work properly 
4. verify whatsapp group option is show or not 
5. after click on group you have list to peopels if you are add in group
6. verify that peoples you add in group is showing sometimes number is not save so that's why user not showing 
7. after select peoples than verify group is create or not 
8. verify group name and check group name is show or not sometimes something went wrong and group name is not show
9. verify group name and try to change than check group name is change or not 
10. if you are upload group image so verify group image is show or not 
11. after create group so many options was showing verify that options was work or not
12. verify sometimes you create group but you miss some person for add check add options for add person
13. you are share your group link and invite others verify this option is work properly or not
14. if you want you add your group in community
15. sometimes other post some things that thing showing in gallary verify media visibility option is work properly or not 
16. sometimes some important thing in group who post but you are not open group and that thing delete some days so verify whatsapp notifivation option is on or not 
17. verify if you are delete group than group is delete or not sometimes server is down so thats why group is show after delete